docs/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment/README.md, before:

# Capture order payment upon fulfillment

Tags: Fulfillment, Payment

Upon the fulfillment of an authorized or partially paid order, this task attempts to capture all open authorized payments for that order. (Multiple authorizations can exist on edited orders or with post-purchase upsells.)

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
shopify/orders/fulfilled
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

Upon the fulfillment of an authorized or partially paid order, this task attempts to capture all open authorized payments for that order. (Multiple authorizations can exist on edited orders or with post-purchase upsells.)

For expected results, be sure to enable "Manually capture payment for orders" in Shopify, [using this guide](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/payments/payment-authorization#set-up-manual-capture-of-credit-card-payments).

__Please note__: You are responsible for ensuring that fulfillment occurs within the order payment's authorization period.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!

Commit message:

reduce capture amount when items are removed

docs/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment/README.md, after:

# Capture order payment upon fulfillment

Tags: Fulfillment, Payment

Upon the fulfillment of an authorized or partially paid order, this task attempts to capture all open authorized payments for that order. (Multiple authorizations can exist on edited orders or with post-purchase upsells.)

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
shopify/orders/fulfilled
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

Upon the fulfillment of an authorized or partially paid order, this task attempts to capture all open authorized payments for that order. (Multiple authorizations can exist on edited orders or with post-purchase upsells.)

If any items are removed from the order before fulfillment, then this task will reduce the amount captured by the subtotal of the removed line items (including their discounts and taxes, as calculated by Shopify). It will  **not** reduce any shipping costs on the order.

For expected results, be sure to enable "Manually capture payment for orders" in Shopify, [using this guide](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/payments/payment-authorization#set-up-manual-capture-of-credit-card-payments).

__Please note__: You are responsible for ensuring that fulfillment occurs within the order payment's authorization period.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/capture-order-payment-upon-fulfillment.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!
