docs/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status/README.md, before:

# Manage product market access by location stock status

Tags: Bulk, In stock, Markets, Out of Stock, Products, Publish, Unpublish

This task runs on inventory level changes, checking the stock status across all variants for that specific product and location, and if they are all out of stock it will unpublish the product from the market's publication, thus denying the product from online sale in that market. On the flipside, it will publish a product to the location's market publications if any of its variants are in stock at that location.

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "locations_and_market_names__keyval_multiline_required": null,
  "ignore_products_with_any_of_these_tags__array": null,
  "ignore_variants_that_do_not_track_inventory__boolean": false,
  "ignore_variants_that_are_configured_for_overselling__boolean": false
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
shopify/inventory_levels/update
mechanic/user/trigger
mechanic/shopify/bulk_operation
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task runs on inventory level changes, checking the stock status across all variants for that specific product and location, and if they are all out of stock it will unpublish the product from the market's publication, thus denying the product from online sale in that market. On the flipside, it will publish a product to the location's market publications if any of its variants are in stock at that location.

The task may also be run manually to query for all active products in the shop, and process each of them for each configured location. Optionally, enter tags for products that should be ignored completely by this task.

Configure the task with the location names on the left and the paired market names on the right. Multiple market names for a location should be entered on separate lines. Market names may be shared between locations, and only a single location needs to be in stock for a product to be published to that market.

**Note**: In this task, a product is considered in stock at a location if ANY of the variants stocked at that location:

- have inventory tracking disabled **OR**
- have overselling enabled **OR**
- have > 0 "available" inventory

The logic checks for inventory tracking and overselling can each be ignored through their respective task options; meaning the task will skip the variants which meet that criteria.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!

Commit message:

filter by region type; switch to paginated markets query; support multiple catalogs per market (#476)

docs/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status/README.md, after:

# Manage product market access by location stock status

Tags: Bulk, In stock, Markets, Out of Stock, Products, Publish, Unpublish

This task runs on inventory level changes, checking the stock status across all variants for that specific product and location, and if they are all out of stock it will unpublish the product from each catalog associated with each configured market for that location, thus denying the product from online sale in those markets. On the flipside, it will publish a product to the related catalogs if any of its variants are in stock at that location.

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "locations_and_market_names__keyval_multiline_required": null,
  "ignore_products_with_any_of_these_tags__array": null,
  "ignore_variants_that_do_not_track_inventory__boolean": false,
  "ignore_variants_that_are_configured_for_overselling__boolean": false
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
shopify/inventory_levels/update
mechanic/user/trigger
mechanic/shopify/bulk_operation
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task runs on inventory level changes, checking the stock status across all variants for that specific product and location, and if they are all out of stock it will unpublish the product from each catalog associated with each configured market for that location, thus denying the product from online sale in those markets. On the flipside, it will publish a product to the related catalogs if any of its variants are in stock at that location.

The task may also be run manually to query for all active products in the shop, and process each of them for each configured location. Optionally, enter tags for products that should be ignored completely by this task.

Configure the task with the location names on the left and the paired market names on the right. Multiple market names for a location should be entered on separate lines. Market names may be shared between locations, and only a single location needs to be in stock for a product to be published to that market.

The logic checks for inventory tracking and overselling can each be ignored through their respective task options; meaning the task will skip the variants which meet that criteria.

**Notes**:
- This task only processes region type markets
- In this task, a product is considered in stock at a location if ANY of its variants stocked at that location:
  - have inventory tracking disabled **OR**
  - have overselling enabled **OR**
  - have > 0 "available" inventory



## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/manage-product-market-access-by-location-stock-status.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!
