docs/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields/README.md, before:

# Make products unavailable, after the date/time stored in product metafields

* [task.json](../../tasks/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields.json) (for import/export)
* [Task script](./script.liquid)

Use this task to automatically set product inventory to 0, and the product's inventory policy to deny out-of-stock purchases, after a date/time that you specify in a product metafield.

## Default options

```json
{
  "datetime_product_metafield_namespace__required": null,
  "datetime_product_metafield_key__required": null,
  "datetime_format__required": "%Y/%m/%d",
  "run_hourly__boolean": null,
  "run_daily__boolean": null,
  "test_mode__boolean": null
}
```

## Subscriptions

```liquid
mechanic/user/trigger

{% if options.run_hourly__boolean %}
  mechanic/scheduler/hourly
{% elsif options.run_daily__boolean  %}
  mechanic/scheduler/daily
{% endif %}

mechanic/shopify/bulk_operation
```

## Documentation

Use this task to automatically set product inventory to 0, and the product's inventory policy to deny out-of-stock purchases, after a date/time that you specify in a product metafield.

Configure "Datetime product metafield namespace" and "Datetime product metafield key" with the namespace and key for the product metafield that holds a date/time value. Configure "Datetime format" with a valid date/time format, using http://www.strfti.me/ as a guide. This format must _exactly_ match the values you keep in your product metafields. If a value is found that does not match this format, this task will skip that product.

Configuring product metafields requires an app for metafield management. [Metafields Guru](https://apps.shopify.com/metafields-editor-2) is a good choice. :)

When you run this task (or as it runs hourly/daily, per your configuration), the task will look for products who have a date/time value that's in the past. For qualifying products, all inventory items with a level greater than 0 will have their levels set to exactly 0, and all variants will have their inventory policies set to "deny" (preventing sales, once the variants are all out of stock).

Commit message:

make the docs a little friendlier

docs/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields/README.md, after:

# Make products unavailable, after the date/time stored in product metafields

Use this task to automatically set product inventory to 0, and the product's inventory policy to deny out-of-stock purchases, after a date/time that you specify in a product metafield.

* View in the task library: [usemechanic.com/task/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields](https://usemechanic.com/task/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "datetime_product_metafield_namespace__required": null,
  "datetime_product_metafield_key__required": null,
  "datetime_format__required": "%Y/%m/%d",
  "run_hourly__boolean": null,
  "run_daily__boolean": null,
  "test_mode__boolean": null
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/471-task-options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
mechanic/user/trigger

{% if options.run_hourly__boolean %}
  mechanic/scheduler/hourly
{% elsif options.run_daily__boolean  %}
  mechanic/scheduler/daily
{% endif %}

mechanic/shopify/bulk_operation
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/408-subscriptions)

## Documentation

Use this task to automatically set product inventory to 0, and the product's inventory policy to deny out-of-stock purchases, after a date/time that you specify in a product metafield.

Configure "Datetime product metafield namespace" and "Datetime product metafield key" with the namespace and key for the product metafield that holds a date/time value. Configure "Datetime format" with a valid date/time format, using http://www.strfti.me/ as a guide. This format must _exactly_ match the values you keep in your product metafields. If a value is found that does not match this format, this task will skip that product.

Configuring product metafields requires an app for metafield management. [Metafields Guru](https://apps.shopify.com/metafields-editor-2) is a good choice. :)

When you run this task (or as it runs hourly/daily, per your configuration), the task will look for products who have a date/time value that's in the past. For qualifying products, all inventory items with a level greater than 0 will have their levels set to exactly 0, and all variants will have their inventory policies set to "deny" (preventing sales, once the variants are all out of stock).

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at usemechanic.com](https://usemechanic.com/task/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/make-products-unavailable-after-the-date-time-stored-in-product-metafields.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/505-importing-and-exporting-tasks) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).
