# Add new Shopify Forms submissions to a Google Sheet

Tags: Customers, Google Sheets, Shopify Forms, Watch

This task will monitor when customers submit a new Shopify Form to your shop, and then create a row in a linked Google Sheet with the specific data from the form that you specify.

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/add-new-shopify-forms-submissions-to-a-google-sheet](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/add-new-shopify-forms-submissions-to-a-google-sheet)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/add-new-shopify-forms-submissions-to-a-google-sheet.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "google_account__required": null,
  "spreadsheet_title__required": null,
  "spreadsheet_id": null,
  "form_id__number_required": null,
  "column_headers_and_customer_metafields__keyval_required": {
    "Birthday": "custom.birthday"
  }
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
shopify/customer/tags_added
mechanic/user/trigger
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task will monitor when customers submit a new Shopify Form to your shop, and then create a row in a linked Google Sheet with the specific data from the form that you specify.

---

**Configuration and usage:**

First, make sure you have [connected a Google account](https://learn.mechanic.dev/platform/integrations/google-drive-and-google-sheets#authentication) to Mechanic.

Then, configure all fields (detailed below) in this task except for the *Spreadsheet ID*, save the task, and run it manually to generate the Spreadsheet ID. Copy that generated value into the task configuration and save again. The task is now ready to automatically add new form submissions.

- *Google account* - Must match one of the Google accounts you have configured in Mechanic.
- *Spreadsheet title* - Set the sheet title when it is first created by this task. Has no other effect otherwise (i.e. it will not change an existing sheet title).
- *Spreadsheet ID* - Enter the Sheet ID generated by this task when run manually.
- *Form ID* - The task will use the Form ID (e.g. "123456") to monitor the related customer tag which Shopify sets on the customer when they have submitted this specific form (e.g. "shopify-forms-123456").
- *Column headers and customer metafields* - Use this field to enter in sheet column headers paired with the customer metafields that the form automatically adds to the customer. You may also enter other customer metafields that aren't created by the configured form.
> **Example:**  Birthday > custom.birthday


---

**Notes:**
- This task will enter the customer name and email into the first two columns of the sheet. These fields do not need to be configured in the *Column headers and customer metafields* field.
- If you want to include any other customer data in the row beyond the configured metafields, then you will need to edit the task code to update the customer query and row output fields.
- This task supports the following Shopify metafield types: boolean, color, date, date_time, dimension, money, number_decimal, number_integer, rating, single_line_text_field, volume, and weight. Additionally, list types are supported for all of the above fields except for boolean.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/add-new-shopify-forms-submissions-to-a-google-sheet), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/add-new-shopify-forms-submissions-to-a-google-sheet.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!
