docs/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection/README.md, before:

# Move out-of-stock products to the end of a collection

Tags: Collections, Sort

This task re-sorts your collections, beginning with the sort order of your choice (alphabetically, best selling first, etc), and then moving all out-of-stock products to the very end of the collection.

* View in the task library: [usemechanic.com/task/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection](https://usemechanic.com/task/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "base_sort_order__required": "ALPHA_DESC",
  "collection_titles_or_ids_to_include__array": null,
  "collection_titles_or_ids_to_exclude__array": null,
  "force_manual_sorting_on_collections__boolean": false,
  "run_hourly__boolean": false,
  "run_daily__boolean": false
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/471-task-options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
mechanic/user/trigger
{% if options.run_hourly__boolean %}mechanic/scheduler/hourly{% endif %}
{% if options.run_daily__boolean %}mechanic/scheduler/daily{% endif %}
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/408-subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task re-sorts your collections, beginning with the sort order of your choice (alphabetically, best selling first, etc), and then moving all out-of-stock products to the very end of the collection.

Run this task manually to re-sort your collections on demand. Optionally, configure this task to run hourly or nightly as well.

By default, this task will run against **ALL** of your collections. Alternatively, you may configure this task to only _include_ certain collections using each collection's title, or its ID. [Learn how to find the collection IDs.](https://learn.mechanic.dev/techniques/finding-a-resource-id)

Conversely, you may configure this task to _exclude_ certain collections using each collection's title, or its ID, in which case it will run against all collections except the ones in this list. [Note: if there are any collections entered into the inclusion list, then the exclusion list will be ignored.]

The combination of inclusion and exclusion options _can_ allow multiple copies of this task to run (to use different base sorting for instance), provided they are configured properly.

You may use any of these options for the base sort order:

* MANUAL
* ALPHA_ASC
* ALPHA_DESC
* BEST_SELLING
* CREATED
* CREATED_DESC
* PRICE_ASC
* PRICE_DESC

__Note__: To function correctly, the "Perform action runs in sequence" option should stay enabled in the task's advanced settings.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at usemechanic.com](https://usemechanic.com/task/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/505-importing-and-exporting-tasks) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

add note about force manual collections option to docs

docs/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection/README.md, after:

# Move out-of-stock products to the end of a collection

Tags: Collections, Sort

This task re-sorts your collections, beginning with the sort order of your choice (alphabetically, best selling first, etc), and then moving all out-of-stock products to the very end of the collection.

* View in the task library: [usemechanic.com/task/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection](https://usemechanic.com/task/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "base_sort_order__required": "ALPHA_DESC",
  "collection_titles_or_ids_to_include__array": null,
  "collection_titles_or_ids_to_exclude__array": null,
  "force_manual_sorting_on_collections__boolean": false,
  "run_hourly__boolean": false,
  "run_daily__boolean": false
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/471-task-options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
mechanic/user/trigger
{% if options.run_hourly__boolean %}mechanic/scheduler/hourly{% endif %}
{% if options.run_daily__boolean %}mechanic/scheduler/daily{% endif %}
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/408-subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task re-sorts your collections, beginning with the sort order of your choice (alphabetically, best selling first, etc), and then moving all out-of-stock products to the very end of the collection.

Run this task manually to re-sort your collections on demand. Optionally, configure this task to run hourly or nightly as well.

By default, this task will run against **ALL** of your collections. Alternatively, you may configure this task to only _include_ certain collections using each collection's title, or its ID. [Learn how to find the collection IDs.](https://learn.mechanic.dev/techniques/finding-a-resource-id)

Conversely, you may configure this task to _exclude_ certain collections using each collection's title, or its ID, in which case it will run against all collections except the ones in this list. [Note: if there are any collections entered into the inclusion list, then the exclusion list will be ignored.]

The combination of inclusion and exclusion options _can_ allow multiple copies of this task to run (to use different base sorting for instance), provided they are configured properly.

This task will skip any collections it encounters if the collection sorting is not already set to manual. Check the "Force manual sorting on collections" option to have the task update those collections to the manual sorting required by this task.

You may use any of these options for the base sort order:

* MANUAL
* ALPHA_ASC
* ALPHA_DESC
* BEST_SELLING
* CREATED
* CREATED_DESC
* PRICE_ASC
* PRICE_DESC

__Note__: To function correctly, the "Perform action runs in sequence" option should stay enabled in the task's advanced settings.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at usemechanic.com](https://usemechanic.com/task/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/move-out-of-stock-products-to-the-end-of-a-collection.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://docs.usemechanic.com/article/505-importing-and-exporting-tasks) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).
