docs/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus/README.md, before:

# Sync inventory for shared SKUs

Tags: Inventory, SKU, Sync

This task monitors all variants having a SKU that you configure, and ensures that changes to inventory quantity are reflected across all variants sharing that SKU.

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "product_skus_to_monitor__array_required": null
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
mechanic/user/trigger
mechanic/scheduler/10min
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task monitors all variants having a SKU that you configure, and ensures that changes to inventory quantity are reflected across all variants sharing that SKU.

To set up this task, configure with the SKUs you'd like to monitor, manually synchronize all inventory quantities for those SKUs, then click the "Run task" button. This task will take a snapshot of the current inventory quantity for your SKUs. When the task automatically runs, every 10 minutes, it will check for changes to inventory, and ensure that the total change for a SKU is reflected across all product variants having that SKU.

__Note: this task only considers a store's default location when managing inventory.__

YouTube: [How this task was made](https://youtu.be/CoWvIdibz9Y)

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!

Commit message:

Update/switch to quantities field (#228)
* update: auto-tag products with incoming inventory

* update: tag products as in or out of stock by location

* update: sync inventory levels to variant metafields

* update: maintain invnetory for a product bundle

* update: accept maximum orders per day/hour

* update: nightly out of stock report

* update: reset inventory tasks

* update: make products unavailable by metafield date

* update: accept max orders - refactor to use inventoryAdjustQuantities

* update: reset inventory tasks - refactor to use inventoryAdjustQuantities

* update: maintain inventory for a product bundle - refactor to use inventoryAdjustQuantities

* update: sync inventory tasks - refactor to use inventoryAdjustQuantities

* re-apply updates to 'reset negative inventory task'

docs/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus/README.md, after:

# Sync inventory for shared SKUs

Tags: Inventory, SKU, Sync

This task monitors all variants having a SKU that you configure, and ensures that changes to the available inventory quantity are reflected across all variants sharing that SKU.

* View in the task library: [tasks.mechanic.dev/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus)
* Task JSON, for direct import: [task.json](../../tasks/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus.json)
* Preview task code: [script.liquid](./script.liquid)

## Default options

```json
{
  "product_skus_to_monitor__array_required": null
}
```

[Learn about task options in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/options)

## Subscriptions

```liquid
mechanic/user/trigger
mechanic/scheduler/10min
```

[Learn about event subscriptions in Mechanic](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/subscriptions)

## Documentation

This task monitors all variants having a SKU that you configure, and ensures that changes to the available inventory quantity are reflected across all variants sharing that SKU.

First, manually set all available inventory quantities to be equal for each of the SKUs you'd like to monitor. Then manually run this task which will then take a snapshot of the current available inventory quantity for your SKUs. When the task automatically runs, every 10 minutes, it will check for changes to inventory, and ensure that the cumulative change for a SKU is reflected across all product variants sharing that SKU.

**Note:** This task only considers a store's default location when managing inventory.

## Installing this task

Find this task [in the library at tasks.mechanic.dev](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus), and use the "Try this task" button. Or, import [this task's JSON export](../../tasks/sync-inventory-for-shared-skus.json) – see [Importing and exporting tasks](https://learn.mechanic.dev/core/tasks/import-and-export) to learn how imports work.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Got an improvement to add? Start here: [../../CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Task requests

Submit your [task requests](https://mechanic.canny.io/task-requests) for consideration by the Mechanic community, and they may be chosen for development and inclusion in the [task library](https://tasks.mechanic.dev/)!
